Speaker 1   00:11
Did everything migrated. We got tools everybody.


I know because I updated.


A Google phone. Yeah, you struck me as an iPhone. You're a Google guy. Yeah. All right.


Who's got news? Who's got what?


Uh, I'm trying to deploy the infrastructure into the profession.


Trying to play the perfect infrastructure into the pre-product count? Exactly. For me, I know. Sounds good. Yeah. Sorry, I cut you off. Did you? I had lots of questions, but I should hold my questions. Go ahead, please. Well, uh, I did create a ticket to sign it to you.


Didn't I say to say, can we start looking into what we're going to do with counts? I don't know if we want to. I was explaining to Jeff and Chris. I'm trying to remember if they had an opinion on the matter.


Speaker 2   01:47
Um, but to me, the things that really matter is as long as we can put it on it, especially when we already have a mapping that, like everything else, it's not uncommon for us to say, look. We don't have enough licenses to go around for this application, so we'll just switch it here and there.


If we want to just kind of shrink down our account to just say, QA, and you're going to be one and qa2 in there, you're going to have definitely have one def two. I don't have


Speaker 1   02:11
A preference. I


Speaker 2   02:11
Would just say you come up with what you think is. And then we need to share it with everybody and see if everybody's on board, sure. But


Speaker 3   02:17
Some things


Speaker 1   02:18
You


Speaker 2   02:18
Might not know. Some environments are going to have production data okay, and performance is going to be wonderful. And when it has performance data you need to treat it, like production. It has to have production level security on it, so I don't know. How we accomplish that with this?


But anyway, you might not have known that some environments we do sometimes production data perf in another environment called MKT. Only places we typically put production data, and we treat them like production. There are no test accounts. Okay,


Speaker 1   02:47
You can set them


Speaker 3   02:48
Up the production client records, and I think from your perspective, all that means is we would want a separate like JWT audience configuration for pre-crowd as we do for fraud so that technically PC is using a different user for the integration and pre-produce and non-prod. Probably the same prod, I guess.


Speaker 2   03:08
I wonder if she's doing some stuff with a Debbies like that? Yeah, I


Speaker 3   03:11
Mean, I'm sure they have. I mean, like, we have parallels well, so that's interesting. Actually, this pre-prod database creating a network like that they've always used. We use the same database ventils and non-prod as pre-prod. Only production is different. For applications, what developers have read, write access to approved database?


Oh, I don't know about that. I'm telling you what they have to do that. Developers would? Yes. For production controlled environments.


Speaker 2   03:39
It's like, perfect npt, where we put production data into the databases. Yes,


Speaker 4   03:44
We only apply when directly on databases that are used in production, right? We don't have any kind of audit. Rule about non-production. Yeah.


Speaker 1   03:58
I thought we were


Speaker 2   03:58
Making the distinction though, like when you go to ADT and Persh. Managers are under the impression that their production controls are in place.


Speaker 4   04:09
You know, we've never. We've never done that.


Speaker 1   04:11
I think I think


Speaker 3   04:12
What we're, I think, the often referenced initiative that we're doing is trying to actually categorize and Mark what environments do have production data, not necessarily enforcing. The controls on. On the app side, we have tried to do that. I don't know that the security team has any policy or like statement.


I'm contradicting what you just said go. I think I think they are worried that. Hey, if you have prod data, make sure it goes in a pre-prod account.


Speaker 4   04:38
There's a difference between proud use and proud data produce is in production use. Non-production use can have data, but it's still non-production use.


Speaker 3   04:47
He's saying, today, we, a lot developers out of crowd


Speaker 1   04:49
Databases and use the in production are protected against changes by numbers.


Speaker 4   04:56
Databases used by development in all the cycle are not protected. Now, whether they should have production derived diabetes or production equivalent values in those databases, those controls need to come from somebody's else I.E.D security, which says, you can't have the Aldi basket and replace it. You need to do whatever with those systems, yeah, right?


Just having production data doesn't make any conduction system. No, and I just kept using the phrase I'm trying to keep up with your terminology. I always use the termology protection production controls, but uh. Well, production controls to provide to production environments.


Speaker 1   05:35
Yeah,


Speaker 4   05:36
Not non-production environments, but we managers test managers if I'm dealing one when you go to MPT.


Speaker 2   05:43
I can't log in with. I'm supposed to be able to log in with a test account. You have to log in with a production on the app. That's true. I don't. I'm trying to think through it doesn't matter, because if we ever read, only access who cares if we have right x's.


You do have right access in a non-production environment. Thinking, people are thinking that we don't have access. It


Speaker 4   06:10
For the people who think that they don't have access. What's the damage done if they do have right access? Improved non-production investments, nothing. That's what I'm trying to think through. Yeah,


Speaker 5   06:19
Unless you tell me, like, you know, a Mainframe? There are areas where you're not supposed to let anybody see stuff unless they have special access. Like, we're putting bank account routing numbers. Yeah, but see we, we never over the yeah 18 years been here. It's always been an issue with.


Speaker 4   06:37
How are we going to control access to production data? Then we bring some vendor that talks to us about how to mask it and do this, and then them. That's all that Project's too expensively too long. We're not going to do that now. Yeah, and it's, uh, every. It's like blockchain sponsoring popped up every few years, and somebody asked the question.


And people get scared, and they run like, and so we don't have any mechanisms to do what you want to do, which is to control access to production systems. So, just those mechanisms are not in place, and they're not going to get in place until we take a. Approach towards doing that.


And since we don't have approach to doing that, we don't do that. So, call the database yes.


Speaker 3   07:20
So, you're mentioning your counts, and I'm here. As a member part-time of the cloud office team, how does the CSG teach because I'm trying to pick up on what she's learning because we are each other's cover so. That's why I'm here today. Okay, so, but you mentioned. Now, I'm going to take off a cloud outside covering that there is a stand.


There is a. There is governance around council. And organizations out there. So I don't know what boundaries are we in the cloud when we are the ccoe team? I don't know what you're writing for your standards for accounts, but we went round around on trying to set boundaries on what makes this account different from that account and?


Um, good luck to you. That's all I'd say, I mean, participate. You know, if you want to many huge discussions, many discussions about what makes? L1 and L2. Sure. And environment, maybe? We know what the labels are. We don't know how to set the boundaries on from. If you want to start setting boundaries, then start setting boundaries.


So, if you want to do start, do things like data, no production data below. Perth,


Speaker 1   08:33
Right?


Speaker 3   08:36
More power too. Yeah, let's get the processes in place. Some people don't ask call steps. Hey, I need to restore of production into death, right? Because That that we we used to get those a lot. And now, we're not getting them quite much. But, uh, it's still. I don't think it's known out in the government world that, hey, if any data, uh, QA database, I just get production restored over there, whether it should be or not.


Since we have Dan


Speaker 2   09:03
Approved in place, he pretty much controls what is happening, where with data?


Speaker 5   09:09
To some degree. Like, if a developer asked that, he's probably gonna say what the heck are you doing? We don't do that. We only do production restores in nft and in person, so that probably cut down on that.


Speaker 1   09:19
Yeah,


Speaker 4   09:19
I don't know. I don't know that he refused.


Speaker 3   09:22
Yeah, I don't think he gets visited if anybody.


Speaker 1   09:27
Yeah, so I don't think I think he's looking at that stuff the same way. Let's say somebody goes. Hey man, Danny, sorry, Danny. I want to restore production policy Center into QA. We've done that.


Speaker 3   09:38
What policy Center is a bad example, but


Speaker 4   09:40
The policy Center


Speaker 3   09:41
Indicative database that's actually on premise? And that way


Speaker 2   09:44
On premise,


Speaker 3   09:45
Policy integration, or whatever. I mean, I'm saying they call it policy. It gives you a good one and then a controversial one. So, the good one is like agency goals. I want to restore production agency goals to QA. All right under our current model.


Speaker 4   09:58
We would probably say, well, we need to move QA to our pre-pride market, because if it's in the cloud, yeah, right, if? If it's not in the cloud? We'll do it. Okay. Nobody gets involved in that decision other than the developers making a request in us, right? If it's in the cloud.


We might get some. We might push back and say, hey, you know, do you really need this in? Qaqa is not in an environment. That we wrote the rules on, it says.


Production data shouldn't go into non-production account.


Speaker 1   10:36
Yeah, I


Speaker 2   10:37
Mean, in those instances, if you did reach out to, maybe Dan doesn't get everyone, maybe Dan's not plugged in, but if you all were to Luke Dan Brew into the conversation, Dan would be absolutely not.


Speaker 3   10:47
Well, if you brought this up to that, he might say, oh, I'd love to be a part of that process going forward, but I'm saying, operationally, no one knows to ask him about it. No one thinks he cares about it. I don't think, and these two


Speaker 2   10:58
Would be the people that would do the restore, right? Yeah, before I get going because I had something new that I want to show. You all, um, that may fix all of this. Okay.


Speaker 4   11:11
Did you want


Speaker 2   11:11
To jump in on it before we switched topics?


Speaker 1   11:13
I'm just trying to ask, like, because we've gotten multiple requests with to restore production into. A non-profit party base that was not EBT corporate. Yeah, you


Speaker 2   11:26
Can give an example.


Speaker 4   11:27
There's too many good friends. Here's there's like, I went to lunch today. I went to lunch Thursday. Last week, I went to lunch.


Speaker 2   11:36
That's right,


Speaker 1   11:37
I didn't know that, that it was, uh, like something, blockchain, that something done. It's a new cons new error concept. Yeah, not everybody's playing that rule. I would say if it's a big frag. I can't tell you what they're doing, you know, the? Purple things would be like? If somebody says I want the VIN symbol database restored from production into a test region?


Speaker 2   11:59
That I would say that makes total sense because thin numbers on your car, something that you can't like, oh, I don't want that in QA in different ones production. That's literally a database of every single Min number in every single number, but it's just public information. Same thing with our website.


If somebody goes, I need a copy of the production website duplicated into QA or Dev. That's a public fixing website. At those instances, they're like read only or they're things that are publicly facing


Speaker 4   12:30
You're asking your level of sophistication knowledge I've needed. You don't have to, so then


Speaker 2   12:35
You can always reach out to managers deaf or anybody, and we continue that.


Speaker 4   12:39
We insist that we've never, I mean, not that we're not going to do that, but that is such a bottleneck in the process that,


Speaker 1   12:45
Yeah,


Speaker 4   12:46
It's almost like getting a change request, and we can do this. We can do this if you want to. We can have. We can change it so this informal reach out to. Guy on this instance, but not this instant. If you want to initiate a review of all the database requests?


And the formula review by somebody who's more knowledge. We can start telling people, hey, it's going to have a request you got to fill out a change ticket, I go to the change process if that's what you want to do,


Speaker 3   13:15
Because I mean what we do for the the non-profit deployments is, it's not a change ticket, but it does require, and it didn't fill out an approval phase on it from Denver and Denver approves anything that we do outside of debt.


Speaker 2   13:26
Yeah,


Speaker 4   13:26
I mean, we can do this. I'm


Speaker 3   13:28
Not saying


Speaker 4   13:28
We're trying to get I got that request still about my brain to make that more formal that he doesn't have to. See, I'm based on these conditions it does right now. Yeah. So, if you have other topics to come out within this topic here, I don't know at the meantime.


Is there any list or something that says?


Speaker 5   13:54
That account has the production data. Yes, yes, there is, uh, well, that's absolutely. Yeah, on that, uh, going elsewhere, um? That's what I was sharing. Yeah, you got it here and give it to him.


Speaker 2   14:09
Yeah, there's a whole SharePoint site that dance Dan Bruce stood up. That talks you through what environment's going what


Speaker 3   14:15
Is about, like AWS accounts yes, oh, okay? Well, I have kind of task. I asked him to do, but if you already got it, doctor then his job's gonna get a lot easier.


Speaker 5   14:24
Well,


Speaker 3   14:24
No, you're gonna make a plan. He's asking about the current map of what's the correction data, and what does it okay, but you're asking him to make a plan for L2 accounts and a structure going forward. Yeah, account structure is the same thing as environment structure, unless you choose a make an account for every time.


Well, that's that's.


Speaker 4   14:40
Yeah, I mean, we already have that, right? No,


Speaker 3   14:42
No, we don't, because that's why it came up because we had L2, Dev, l2qway, L2 u a t l. Two probably do not have L2 curve L2 and


Speaker 2   14:49
Bt


Speaker 3   14:50
So,


Speaker 6   14:51
But is the same?


Speaker 2   14:53
What else


Speaker 3   14:54
If we made an MPT environment, it would also go into L2 pre-prod with it. Which is, if we want to do it that way, that's fine. I guess it's? Strange. To me, that's a strange departure from just doing non-prod, pre-prod and prod. If you're going to split further from non-profit prefront prod, I almost feel like it's weird to not do an account for environment, otherwise.


Let's just keep three counts. That's how I feel, but I, I think


Speaker 6   15:19
You probably feel like that, is that on the crime we do have EPT and non-part and pre-part


Speaker 3   15:24
Well, all I'm saying is, like, it's, it's a more complicated mapping. Yeah, you're going to group your environments according to some larger category, or you're not is what you're saying. They're going to group chemist these accounts. These environments are considered pre-producted, they.


Speaker 4   15:41
That definition of what you're calling. Yeah, it's protected. I


Speaker 7   15:45
Want a counselor doing it one way or two. Accounts are starting to do it a different ways, and


Speaker 1   15:49
I think the way that they're doing it right now


Speaker 3   15:50
Is done. I think they'll too. What we have now is Dom. In my opinion, I mean, it, like, creates this arbitrary category account where, like, qas, QA, and QA2, but pre-prod is perf and MPT, and there's not like any real, like logical mapping there. It's like a weird, arbitrary thing we're doing, and I think it's not good.


Let's keep John pre-product fraud or do an account account. In my opinion, but I, I


Speaker 4   16:12
Don't know where those accounts came from. Well, I made them, and I don't know who informed them on what parameters. I don't think there was a lot of good. Well, the other aspect of it is. The primary aspect of the current design. Was cloud maturity? So, not focusing on just environments, but other aspects about the cloud that would delineate the difference between the environment, the the L1s, and the twos L1.


Was designated as migration and compute-based service. Right now, we kind of got away from it well. Uh, so that was the that was the initial idea. It was L2 being more the next maturity in the cloud.


More native Services. Yeah, and


Speaker 7   17:00
We had all these rules. We had all these rules around what we were going to do until you you satisfy these requirements from every application. Yeah,


Speaker 4   17:07
Stop. When we did something in L2, what did we meet those requirements and he was, like, right, yeah, you know, if they're not gonna be firm requirements, then?


Speaker 7   17:21
Yeah, but that what I'm getting at. If you're going to look at account structure, don't just say, oh, wait, we need. We need something based upon environments you have the into other aspects of cloud management than just in splitting off environments. Because


Speaker 4   17:34
What we're just talking about, I


Speaker 7   17:36
Understand. But


Speaker 1   17:36
Yeah,


Speaker 7   17:37
L2 was designed to be more to be more reflective after migration and that planned.


Speaker 4   17:43
Yeah, that's not even really about the account question. That's about what, what goes inside of the account, how it gets there, right? But no, I'm getting is, you're saying? What is one of the factors that goes into either? You're going to separate by environment right, or you're going to take some of these environments along together into a common category.


There's going to be some preprogue. There's going to be some div, and there's going to be production. That's one aspect. How are you going to manage your environment? The second aspect of it is. Do we even need l2s if we're? Do all our maturity within the ones, right? Well, I think we've decided


Speaker 3   18:21
That we are not going to do that. I mean, we we haven't as this group, but I think it's been inside of this company very repeatedly, and it's been very much referenced in our plans for the cloud that we are going to do the these L accounts and whether we've.


Don't throw Dillard's adjusting with that plant, I think, is relevant, I mean.


Speaker 2   18:41
I,


Speaker 3   18:41
I'm not going to be the one that said, let's not do L2 accounts after all the discussion and everything like that that went into it. I'm just saying, I think, the current structure of L2 accounts is done. I, I? I don't know, I. Which, I mean, if it's? It's not.


It's not unworkably dumb either. I mean, we could leave it it. Wouldn't, it would be fine, I don't know. I just. I know what we would do. We kept it Devin Dev2 in development2 and uat. Account boundaries.


Speaker 4   19:41
Boundaries, and that's


Speaker 3   19:42
The thing is, we have no actual difference. Like, there is nothing that differentiates QA2 and u82. They're completely arbitrary. Uh, like substitutable environments in the way that we use them in every aspect. Like, it's, you have other concerns like the security team.


Speaker 7   20:00
Have implemented. Nothing gets done, except for in terraform or open tofu or whatever via pipeline right in these accounts. And I think that's one one of the things that we broke in L2 years. It's, like, oh, you can't do anything. Nl2s, unless you're mature enough in your deployment processes, so that's right.


Let's talk about. There was a whole list of criteria that we is, the old, the old CCOE said, this is the criteria that defines the boundaries between accounts and types. Okay, and?


Speaker 6   20:30
It was like a gate like you. For instance, you can't move arms into any sort of L2 account until the application meets these standards, like it's got to be logging. It's got to be seeing Secrets


Speaker 8   20:42
Manager. There's all of these lists, and it could never move there until someone changed and fixed all those things I remember, yeah.


Speaker 7   20:51
You have anything else you want to talk about? I


Speaker 2   20:53
Was kind of curious to hear what vanilla's been after you freaking out of that meeting, uh, actually, Anil was not there. So, he came to the meeting, but? Uh, roshni. She told me that, uh, so they are making some changes in architecture.


Speaker 5   21:08
So she, she said, she's gonna send me some documents about that, okay, and? That's it, though. So right now, we don't really have anything not going for the mortgage list project other than I know they're after for database, but that's it. Yep. Okay. I'll keep reminding Suresh.


Speaker 2   21:26
Reading rear end?


Speaker 1   21:33
He was in a room when I was, like, what are you doing, uh? I know for the mortgage project. New stuff. They're building. We've been waiting for them.


Speaker 2   21:43
Yeah, I could. Either's asking for the database, but we wait for a nil or inviting on team to give us other tasks


Speaker 1   21:48
So we can try to get ahead. Yeah, and he didn't give me any Clarity about the authentication.


Speaker 5   21:54
I didn't anticipate that why


Speaker 2   21:56
I didn't dissipate that. Yeah, I think they're just gonna go do what is normal.


Speaker 1   21:59
Yeah,


Speaker 3   21:59
So we're still real-time insurance. That's not an option for this app, though. What's that, like, what we did on real-time attorneys isn't like an option here? For security, not really no. So, if he's going to be putting?


Speaker 2   22:15
I don't know what they're doing, but let me ask, they're putting Java programs into either ec2 instances and those things you're just going to do oauth or IDC, we


Speaker 3   22:25
Can do that. That's what we're going to do unless, I mean, that's not what, and they'll keep saying he wants to. That's the option he's been given,


Speaker 2   22:31
So that's what he's going to do until he


Speaker 3   22:33
Comes back. Yeah,


Speaker 2   22:35
I don't know if you're around when we were talking about this, but I think where he showed up showed off something to sigh. Yeah, uh, sigh. Turned around. With you insecurity, and then you almost said, this is not something we're interested in. And then you hear them some ideas about the other things that we could do.


Yeah, and then I shared that was Russian, and it's Rush if you want a nil to be able to influence that team, you're probably going to have to get sigh. So why, from security, somebody from infrastructure to get in the room and to understand why Anil wants to go after this solution.


If that's not going to happen, his only path forward is going to be what we've always done either Lambda valid authentic. Well, that's what I'm saying. That's what we don't have, like, I mean.


Speaker 3   23:20
The solution is is solid, and I mean, like the general pattern of using a Lambda authorizer. Yeah, we can you. We can use what we've learned and did in real time with that. But the implementation that he's talking about would be a big enhancement on what we did for real time.


Real time is like the yeah, the hyper simplified version of a limb, the authorizer, and he wants a robust Enterprise multi-application authorizer Lambda that can we talk about? Well, we, we told him no to his design that uses Cognito. Cognito doesn't. Fit our security model, but? I mean, I don't think it's a bad idea to do enhancements on the land authorized to do the general concept that he's going for.


If he doesn't want to do a land authorizer, he's worried about, like efficiencies about it, and stuff like that. And it's, like, well, if you want. If you want API Gateway to do your authorization, and you and the security team is saying internal apps get authorized against intra. Yes, what you have to do.


So, if you reply to the architecture, sorry, architecture team when I do this so?


Speaker 4   24:25
They get they, the neural interaction gas with Cloud Center or Cloud Center of Excellence in the cloud strategy in csgtt with. We're not telling people. What specific resource types have to be used? We're just telling what suggestions? But if they're turning around you all the time, we got to use tornado on the surface.


So, turn around to him and say, whatever comes, he says, oh, God, use this, that I thought you all were only supposed to provide a suggestions on what to use, and how the process should be done, not, and leave it up to the cloud operating team to pick the things asking that question, because if he tells me something else, then he's he's lying to somebody.


Because he and I had some dragged down meat screen, not screens, but some some confrontational means in this issue teaching about all this Cloud architecture work, and we never tell what specific resources should be done. I said that's, b******* I said that to his face, I said, your gaslighting gasoline smile.


Then he left. Yes, he did. He likes to get under people's skin. I'll just warm it up. But what I'm getting is that you're not going to change. He's not going to change unless you make him change, right? If he's going to be somebody who is picking the resources types that we are using and proposing.


That's fine, but when the rubber beats Road you actually have to, this is what we're going to do in my opinion. You guys make the call.


Speaker 2   25:54
You're great. Let me rephrase what I said, he smiles, and he grinses because he knows he's gotten under your skin. He knows he's got you angry, and now you're not thinking straight. And then he's going to just drive home his point and get this way. Get angry with him, though it won't work.


Speaker 4   26:05
I thought y'all were supposed to only give us suggestions on things.


Speaker 2   26:09
Yeah,


Speaker 4   26:10
Uh, to use and not be advocating for specific resource types, right? Like, yeah, if you want to investigate company, you know, that's fine. And when it comes down to the secure? King says, no. When we say, I know, and all this other stuff, and maybe it's not? He. He also wants to use AWS future thing that hasn't ever been proven yet, and it might be a situation where we don't necessarily want to implement it.


In this solution, we want to implement it in more simpler environment, something under my deadline so. That might be an alternate approach to him, he says. You know, we have that. We might want to look into that, but, but because you all want this in three weeks and just now, we should not be changed you.


Unforeseen, unknown resources, so it kind of goes back to my inventory. Architectures, are they preventing you? Four architectures. Yes, Solutions, uh diagrams. Or is it being piece nailed, so he all that he shared me till now? He's just attacked a diagram.


Speaker 5   27:17
That gives everything like what the project is going to use. Like all the resources and now suggestions, yes, he said he, he wants to use this one so.


Speaker 4   27:28
And then we need to go back and update them with the things that he's


Speaker 2   27:31
Done. He showed up. He asked for something. We said we would prefer not now. What do sounds like you've got ideas you'd like to share with them? Alex, if you do want to meet with them and Zion, well, I'm with us. I'm happy to anytime I'm requested. I think I've told all this, okay, um?


Speaker 3   27:48
I think he knows my thoughts on it. I think he just disagrees and wants to use kamino, which is cool. I mean, I'm not. I don't work. It's technically viable. I just think there's now I said that the security team has said are no to. I wouldn't do it that way if it was up to me, but it's.


Uh, Pims mobile upload, not yeah. Pimps mobile upload, did it? It's bait. It's definitely a real solution. There are. Points you could make towards his way of doing it, uh? I,


Speaker 1   28:15
I don't know, and I, I don't know how we move forward if he wants to keep pursuing it. He needs to get in a room and convince you all or get a director to


Speaker 4   28:22
Go. That's the other thing I was going to bring up another aspect is he will not stop. He's a shark. No matter how many times you tell him, no, he's got


Speaker 1   28:30
Deadlines.


Speaker 4   28:31
He will say, no, we should use this, and he'll continue to want to argue well, because I told him another CSG, I mean, he wanted to do something. He kept the focus on it, and we kept coming, or we kept coming back into business. Same topic, and I said, if you want to do it outside cloud science, I could go do it, right?


But stop, we're not going to talk about it anymore. In here, we have settled the debate, and he will continue just to Hound you until he. His way, so be aware that that's going to happen.


Speaker 3   29:01
I mean, I'm not. I'm not even to me. I'm not convincible because the security can't support the solution, so it's like I couldn't be. I love it, but it doesn't matter, so I. We could totally like, I don't know. Like, I said, there are points to,


Speaker 6   29:13
I don't know, so security, and it's, they're the experts on


Speaker 3   29:20
It, right? Like, we're, it's like, if they aren't willing to do the work to make it work. It's like they're the only ones that doesn't get work, the only ones who know how to make it work like it's there. They own that piece exactly the application, so.


Speaker 1   29:34
I did want to make sure we talked about real-time insurance just a little bit. Before we get to the other talk, because I know there's other people with one topics, but, uh, I think I saw Sheba was asking for a production checklist for us to get this into production.


Yes, you got a good answer for,


Speaker 5   29:47
Uh, I haven't not done it, but I understand that once I'm done with this infra, uh, I'll be


Speaker 1   29:53
Getting it first. Yeah, I was hoping you were taking notes as you were moving this into per for staging, or wherever you're moving it to that way. When you do go to production, you do kind of have in your head. This this this?


Speaker 4   30:06
You need to. I'm just doing about this right now before. I think a major question for the pre-quest account, so you do your stuff. You can do our stuff for the post requests that the real time entering. Include a production. We don't want to wait until the day of production is going to go live.


Actually, we're talking about the secret thing. Yeah, yeah, it's going in the September release, so that's four weeks away. She made a request for security to change the role in the pre-pride account. Our role in a pre-credit account that's preventing her from even building the pre-prized real-time insurance. Okay, and if that if if they haven't granted death permission in the free crime, I want to nip it in the bud that go ahead and take care of it at this time that we're going to still need those same permissions in crime?


You just reminded me this is perfect for real time insurance. Didn't they want that by Monday this week on Monday? Okay, they did want that on Monday, but we are unable to because of.


Speaker 3   31:06
Some block blocks and blockings.


Speaker 1   31:08
Yeah,


Speaker 4   31:10
For the TV, I mean, she's blocked by I.T security. Yeah, I


Speaker 5   31:17
Haven't heard Larry, so I don't know why. Maybe he's


Speaker 1   31:19
Busy. No, because he was, he was in the meeting. All right. Are


Speaker 2   31:26
People like asking about it, like people like hard waiting on it and stuff. Yes, uh, Shiva Shiva actually being made this morning about that. Exactly because somebody actually trying to test it right now. No, actually, because I is still doing some testing in depth, okay? Uh,


Speaker 5   31:41
I'll just raise my hands. Hey, security. Can we get that because we've been waiting and then Larry will pile on or he'll take,


Speaker 2   31:47
They can wait. I'm just worried about it because I added complexity of this with the Aurora migration out of the real-time repo, and I don't want that, like, play a role, and so I.


Speaker 3   31:55
Uh, are you good on proxy yet? Yes, it's done. I just, uh, imported the state file, and I just update and it went. Okay, yeah. Um, I mean this. Just a proxy.


Speaker 2   32:12
Okay.


Speaker 4   32:12
With the proxy you're talking about, is that the artist?


Speaker 2   32:14
Yeah, it's part


Speaker 9   32:15
Of somehow somehow. Well,


Speaker 5   32:19
It never. Might it only ever got deployed out of Aurora?


Speaker 1   32:21
Yeah,


Speaker 5   32:21
So we deployed perf and what's weirdest. So I thought I had merged a PR already when she deployed, I thought I already had Richmond VR. I had not so. There was some changes that I needed to get in before.


Speaker 3   32:33
She ran, she ran. I don't think it would matter or anything like that.


Speaker 4   32:36
I just want to understand what's within the scope of the diabetes repository.


Speaker 3   32:39
Oh yeah, proxy is in Aurora. So, uh, it's part of the module, and the idea is, you can just say, enable RDS proxy equals true, and then it'll build it all for you, um.


There's one thing though that I technically change about it to simplify it. That is a departure from how she initially set up Dev that I think we need to still talk about and figure out which is.


Speaker 4   33:04
Dev you like created an account manually, and like a secret manually for this proxy to use.


Speaker 3   33:12
Um, I did not give the module that functionality of RDS proxy because? I didn't really know how to like, I didn't know how you guys would like structure that going forward, and I didn't really know how to like, put what levers to put on that. So, is


Speaker 4   33:27
That credentialing? Database, level credential, or as an external I am type of inside database. Okay, because we don't, we don't have the code in what we pose to create.


Speaker 3   33:40
So, what I did was the module written. If you say, great RDS proxy was true. It just uses a master credentials to connect proxy to database. Now, I don't know if that's a problem. I don't know if that's okay.


Speaker 1   33:52
I had already created a user for the RDX proxy, though I understand so we can rewrite. It's kind of a secret. It's my job.


Speaker 4   34:02
Okay, so you say the secret equal to the databases? Well, well, we can work out.


Speaker 3   34:06
I'm just saying we can't figure that out. We can make it work like that, but I needed to under. I needed to actually understand what you were going to do over your time going forward, and I didn't. So I didn't really know how to structure it. It's kind of weird because the.


Speaker 4   34:18
This is almost like storing database, the database, and where are the same thing simple it has in its own internal list of user status answers, not I am people, but, and generally, we don't have something. Well. I guess that's how we use secrets today for other applications to connect to the SQL server.


Yeah. Um. I thought maybe that the proxy was running under a service account, and I am okay,


Speaker 3   34:50
I know it is, I'm sorry, but so I'll just have, if you say anybody, that's probably true. It'll just create a an empty secret along with it. And then, when you create the user that's designed for that, you can go populate secret, all documented in the wrong book, right?


Yeah, yeah, I, uh, so? It will be documented in the readme of the model really well, and I haven't meaning to talk to you guys about, like. The repo structure and the module and structure in relationship to the documentation you guys already have, where we want to put it where it fits yeah.


Speaker 1   35:21
Because now you read and don't need that already expecting. But when you do, but does it read me, I mean, but?


Speaker 3   35:32
Yeah, I, we can. We can definitely get a hype. I mean, I mean, you could. You could go to the repo right now and look at it, and you would understand how it works. It is documented, but. Uh, yeah.


Speaker 5   35:42
Danny's gonna be our next guinea pig for standing up a database, and then after that, I'd love to make Jeff McMahon do it. We talked about.


Speaker 4   35:49
We talked about in our money left team that Jeff has been ranked. Um, kind of like doing some cross training. Yeah, so? We, I think, maybe for the cash management. Yeah, we're gonna have JBS for try to use the Run book to. The instance, that's a true test. So, yeah, the true test is.


Speaker 2   36:13
Which one,


Speaker 4   36:13
Which cash management one? Or maybe, maybe, this other?


Speaker 9   36:17
We had my mother's request we had


Speaker 5   36:19
Real-Time insurance, and then we also have the party 360. So you got


Speaker 1   36:22
Things.


Speaker 3   36:23
Yeah,


Speaker 8   36:24
So okay. So, jps is doing party 360.


Speaker 1   36:27
So that is the one that took um,


Speaker 5   36:30
So he's doing three parties


Speaker 4   36:32
We'll get. We'll get somebody else. Okay, I'll do something.


So, we're good on real-time insurance, uh, other than. It sounds like I need to.


Speaker 5   36:49
Make a small change. Follow up with CG on the Aurora module, but I don't think it. I don't think that needs to impact. Perf is good with the configuration that's there. Now, it'll work. It's just I think I think going forward. We don't want that to be everything and.


Speaker 4   37:05
But I'll


Speaker 5   37:05
Bring it up at the 50 entry store. I'm just to say we're working on it if there's more urgency needed on it. I'm thinking most people are already so focused on price billing. We don't have time, but if they do, and they say there were urgently I'll say. All right, let's figure out how we turn


Speaker 4   37:17
This together. It sounds like it's just the we don't have database internal setup because he used it. Now, I think, right. Yeah, and then we do external. She's blocked because of security access.


Speaker 2   37:26
Yeah, but do they


Speaker 4   37:27
Know they're blocking something that is regulatory and due in four weeks? Here, Jackson, does it? Maybe Christmas? I'll just bring it up to people people like. But he's not brought it up.


Speaker 3   37:44
Any other things we want to talk about? Before we get into, you know, Alex, want to talk? Danny, you had something you want to talk about?


Speaker 2   37:54
Yeah, um Jack, uh Zach wants to create a pipeline for the release branch.


Speaker 1   38:08
Real-Time insurance. Yeah, absolutely. You should. Well, he already had pipelines, and now he created a new Branch. So now we can create him another pipeline. Oh.


Speaker 2   38:15
Yeah, it's just a minor reconfiguration on the existing pipeline. We can do that. Yeah, I don't see any issue. Yeah, I just want to make sure. It would just go to the same land as it's going through today, the only.


Speaker 3   38:30
I think as far as like controls that, like, like your restrictions, you need to like, put on developers unemployment, like, in my opinion, like, whatever, you can configure yaml to deploy to Dev from whatever they went like. That's, like, it's Dev preference, right, you know, they're not following branching strategy?


It's like, that's. So you could say it's like that's not. That's not the function of configuring the pipelines, like that's like them following the branching strategy. But at the end of the day, like, I don't know, it's like you, what you want to protect those environments, right? Like, it's like, you don't want him to be able to deploy to prod or whatever.


But, like, you know?


Speaker 7   39:04
Oh yeah, it in three days. You should be able to select a future Branch exactly. Yeah, yeah, exactly. If we need it, right? Yeah, because you may want to deploy your feature Branch to Dev. First, so you can test it and make sure it's Sam to go into the release branch.


Where would you do?


Speaker 4   39:24
Deploy from a feature branch for those to an environment range, right? No, oh, from a feature range, we do it all the time. We historically all the stuff where, where does that feature range support? Deaf, oh. So one of the dips? So, all I'm getting is, like, okay, so you don't want it to get into the death Branch, but you wanted to voicemail.


Speaker 5   40:02
Developers each feature they create comes after the release Branch. Oh, okay, so it's not by environment. Yeah.


Well,


Speaker 4   40:14
Why wouldn't you just deploy to that? Well, I'll


Speaker 7   40:16
Just put it in there. You're


Speaker 4   40:19
Working on a different range experience. Yeah, yeah, not quite the same. Yeah. Everything with this bad environment, but it's more bad words people do this. Yeah, we do that.


Speaker 5   40:31
Did you want to get? Um, I guess I can show real quick. So, back to our one of our Regional topics. Um. You've met Danny, right? Sorry, just checking. It got to prove to think.


Speaker 4   40:52
Because it's in the cloud outboard. So, CG and I has database administrators. We, for years, have had a new valet's request form. Yeah. And so, what I did did some updating and, but it was all based upon SQL.


And if you in jira, if you go to create a new request from the portal?


You're not going to get prompted for what you might see. But I'm gonna go to the portal. I'm gonna start there. What I've done is I've created a couple of jira forms to handle database for quests. So if? Somebody if they come here. And again, it's a collabs request for financing Cloud platform.


Let me, maybe I'll bring it out here, um.


Speaker 2   41:42
Requests. Can everybody see Cloud Ops requests? Something like this, the button.


Speaker 4   41:51
Everybody can do this. I


Speaker 5   41:52
Remember walking by somebody's desk, and they didn't have that part, but I think we fixed it. I was just having a flashback tip. Why couldn't they see it, but I can't remember? Now,


Speaker 4   42:00
I thought, the portal was Universal, so maybe I don't know,


Speaker 5   42:04
I was thrown by it. I told him click on the cloud Ops button. He's like, which ones I was, like the one that says Cloud


Speaker 2   42:11
Bring this up is because maybe it will. I'm at this relational database as possible.


Speaker 4   42:29
Cloud apps, Cloud options. The only reason I'm kind of bringing it up here is because? Now, if you go to the cloud up, if the request comes in. You can't see it on the portal.


But if? Somebody looks this, says, hey, this is foreign damage. Request. There are. What's this form for the lows? Up here at the top add form. There are two new forms. There's an application request. So, there's two new forms. I won't go into the details, but it's this deals with.


If there is a brand new application?


Speaker 8   43:12
Cash management party 360 things that we have never done before. They reflect this request, and it's got several.


Speaker 4   43:22
This is basically our SQL database request translated from a Word document into a jira form. The thing I want to show you and it was because in May.


Put this as part of the conversation we had heard. If you want somebody to review, there's a new environment request. Okay, this is not a restorer of a database into existing environment. I mean environment because this application does not have an environment yet. There are questions about? What these questions are, hopefully, to determine where in the cloud it should.


Right, based upon whatever facets you would need so it's something called. Uh, party 360. They want a dead environment they want. Whatever environment they're asking for, whatever this new environment is. And they can specify what kind of connectivity it needs


Speaker 3   44:25
Those environments, though those Metro accounts.


Speaker 2   44:28
Nope. So there's a dev,


Speaker 3   44:30
One, a dev2, a QA


Speaker 4   44:31
Called death I can. I can extend that I can extend the drop down this box. The qa1qa2 essentially like that I was just gonna say from a queue from a software development side.


Speaker 3   44:42
That you should be telling you it's step one or definitely.


Speaker 1   44:44
This is for surgery


Speaker 4   44:46
Well. This through database database is AKA Observer. Any new dad's database for this environment? But developers,


Speaker 5   44:54
Like some of those, are one-to-one.


Speaker 4   44:57
Yeah, actually, I mean, I can. I can extend this drop down this box. I have a specific environments that you are using. I'm sharing, you're getting a lot of confusion


Speaker 5   45:04
If you don't have it. Yeah, or at


Speaker 7   45:06
Least a text box for them to type in. Yeah, right?


Speaker 4   45:09
Well, yeah, there's more. You can add the notes. This hasn't been this has been released, but I can update. So my first note is, I would need to know the complete list of environments along with their exact means that you would want right and.


Speaker 7   45:24
A moving Target, you know, we may create a new environment


Speaker 6   45:27
For two months from now that's never existed before. And then, you have to update it. So,


Speaker 4   45:31
How this kind of writes what we talked about earlier, the idea is, they have to find. Kind of what? Is how the data gets there.


Speaker 3   45:41
So,


Speaker 4   45:41
If they are the reason, these questions are asked is for people can then later on. Determine which account to go into and the questions here they don't say. They don't come to the conclusion that this is going to go in this account, it's just getting the information for others to make that decision.


So, if they say that? This is a database restore from production, right, that's going to influence where we would be able to put this status. Yeah, is it restored from non-production or Etc like that? That's going to help influence, so that might bring that for the cloud app. It's going to have to pair with whatever account structure we want, right?


I'm gonna have to change this to reflect what our account structure boundaries you're going to create, because we're going to take these answers and figure out which account the database server is going to go into this. This database is going in because it may be able to go on an existing.


Cluster or server? Or, we're going to have to build a new one if it goes if you see it. So, the question is, where's the original data coming from, uh, does it have database wrap data? Does it have database equivalent data and you might say what the difference? There's a difference.


Does it contain sensitive data so? Are there any special non-production? Uh, so if it's not, if it's a non-production request? Right, if there's any one of these that's classified as non-production? If they pick production in section 4 changes to?


Speaker 2   47:25
Um, this section should hide. It should change section 4 to production questions. When it's needed. Or what's the uptime? What's the uptime? So these would factor into the? Deployment of the server. So, obviously, a production didn't quite request. Will come after, who's to say and production requests could come after?


Could come before any non-production? We get a little bit of focus. We got a focus request and need a debaser. Uh, but I won't spend much more time on this because we're at the end. I'm just kind of giving you all an announcement that there are two new forms in jira that we're going to start using when people want.


Applications and new environments and new environments that don't exist, what we are assuming. Is, this is where it's going to feed into the account structure and how we're going to have to make sure that this is communicated, at least across the team. What those account boundaries are.


Speaker 4   48:22
It goes back to the data access and the new sensitivity model and making sure


Speaker 2   48:28
We're going to have to. We need more information, but we're also going to have to need more information from the adhesive, but we're also going to have to have more information from ourselves that knows this. This is the boundaries of this account, right? And somebody says, hey, I need a restore into.


Pre-Pro into QA. But the QA accounts don't allow data production databases, right? Then, we're going to have to push back on that. You say, I'm pushed by the person. Say, you can't do that in this environment. Yeah. Well, what I was getting at is when an environment is created.


It's going to be create the use and purpose of environments. I'm going to switch around right. QA is going to be QA and its properties are always going to be the same. Okay, it's always going to be the same because it it fits with the countdown. No production data usage.


You got to do infrastructure as code. You got to do blah, blah, blah, right? Because then, we know that somebody comes along. We're not going to expect we're not going to do this new environment request on every. Work with an existing environment where I'm getting it, so we have to know that.


Our understanding of those environments is not changing over time. Otherwise, we gotta get this form filled up every time somebody wants something done with a dynamics. You've said a lot of things. I would like to talk through, but?


Speaker 5   50:00
I don't know if I'm the right person to have those conversations are right now is the right time. I'd rather you put it into action than see. Other people give you feedback. Well, what's your question? I feel like I keep getting them up on, like? Production data can never be restored to UA, and that's where I was using those controversial examples.


Like, we picked all this off. Was Miguel saying, I need you to take production kyp.com database and restored into QA. And that instance, I get. It makes your life complicated, like. So, now I gotta know what damn date is in the nowadays to make a decision if this is going to violate some other rule that kind of thing.


Yeah, we never finished that. It managers are supposed to give you all channel to take that to directors. Finished it. The rest of it makes sense to them. You need a lot more questions answered. When somebody goes, I need a database. Well, what region, what purpose? What product team's going to learn it's what business?


Yeah, once they make that initial Quest and we know, okay, this database database. A application ABC environment 123.


Speaker 2   51:03
Its attribute to this because we've got the answers.


Speaker 5   51:05
Yeah, we


Speaker 2   51:06
Can't take application ABC environment one, two, three, and then change its purpose around completely to where it doesn't fit what they originally told us. So we're originally, we're going back to the original. This environment was used for this purpose and years of. Here's the allowed stuff that can be done in that environment, and you'd ask for something that doesn't fit with that environment, right?


I think Dan.


Speaker 5   51:31
I keep hearing from time like, uh, the spreadsheets. I just sent you some spreadsheets at Dan. Jane has a whole, uh, checkpoint site and uses to maintain so that people can know what environments are used for. What purposes, what environments map to which Mainframe region can they run Cycles to the fcda set up?


Do they have was cloud set up? I don't think many people on infrastructure hear that message so. But I'll ask him to send it to you. It should be straightforward clear cut what environments are doing, but what data is allowed in them? Of course. Like Amanda said, sometimes we got to build new environments and mpt's participers.


Purpose needs to change, but


Speaker 2   52:10
What I was getting at it is that it's fine to make those statements,


Speaker 4   52:14
But until you


Speaker 2   52:15
Have the mechanism as a place to be able to do those statements. Those statements are about right, so he could say, oh, they can go over here, or it has to be masked or whatever. Cool! Right, make us. We don't ask anything that's too damn expensive. You said that?


It's more like, there's only two environments we allow production. And maybe I'm using the wrong terminology, because I know.


Speaker 5   52:39
There's going to environments where if it has production data that is like pii or sensitive information, non-public information. I did try to ask us to find what that is, but we never got there. We find it. It's kind of defined by if you have security. Gmail,


Speaker 2   52:53
Oh yeah, we got a clear required. Whatever


Speaker 4   52:55
The thing is, there's no controls on addressing how to manage that stuff.


Speaker 2   53:05
There's nothing on the database level that marks in this data


Speaker 1   53:09
Correct.


Speaker 2   53:09
So, how are we going to know this system? This, we don't know. We have no idea which databases contain pi, you know? There are no processes in place to run to address what he might be saying about some of these things that have listened to. This is the classification of of environmental ABC right, and it's got no Pi data that's finding that statement.


If there's not anything in place to actually enforce or adopt that statement, and his statement is moved.


Oh yeah, more, I just, I won't. We'll save it for the next one. Is there are some? It's kind of teaser, um? Um.


Definition technology. I put some standard stockings up okay for artists. It's just the ones we sent. And it's easy set to the csgt.


Speaker 5   54:24
She said the one she created the ticket for.


Speaker 2   54:32
The air guy, the mic is. Mike has been assigned that test.


Take a look on the board. But, and I thought I had started running books, but apparently I didn't. Yeah, JVS has the two run books we've written.


Speaker 1   54:50
Never heard if you approved of them or not. So we're just supposed to approval. Yeah, I still need to edit. I've been some changes.


Where am I going jira?


Um, there


Speaker 2   55:10
Will be more. There would be more means to talk about this, but I am cleaning up, and I send out the announcement. I'm cleaning up our AWS home site. And so there will be a new official documents folder there. Clear filter CT.


Speaker 1   55:30
Backup restored. Dr standard operating procedures need to prove this out and exercise it as well.


Speaker 2   55:35
So, our our question in the csgt meeting was, this isn't really a csgt topic at all. The thing that she felt okay? And. Chris Chris was going to bring this up, but Carol's cloudy tomorrow. It's Mondays, we don't have. Otherwise are crowdy or whatever day


Speaker 1   55:55
Is an hour long meeting from 11 to 12 at the cloud managers. Yeah, okay, because I just didn't seem like.


Speaker 2   56:05
Of governance questions.


Speaker 1   56:06
That's fair enough. We, we wrote a couple of standards, and we pushed them out to csgt to approve. And we wrote a couple run books, and they sent it out to JVS from a cloud standpoint, and we were looking for feedback to just hit the market, says what you're expecting, and we never heard back.


So, if we're back, this is not fit the mark, then we'll try again. We just need to know that probably need some feedback. Like, What specifically did we miss? Unless you find it as you like at a game. It's a standard and pizza that works, and we send it published and approved it.


Yeah.


I don't know how much you want to pursue it, but that's right. When it comes down to?


Speaker 2   56:43
Standard standards, right? A template of Standards that every standard should have or a runbook should have,


Speaker 7   56:49
But what we did is David.


Speaker 1   56:51
I thought we always worked on something.


Speaker 5   56:53
Yeah, I know, for the one book I absolutely kept saying, it has to have these things, but then the database pretty much go from database. It felt like it had everything.


Speaker 2   57:03
Yeah, so that


Speaker 5   57:05
Was like a standard run book what


Speaker 3   57:08
I put out here and I was working again. I don't want to go over the.


Speaker 2   57:14
Uh, co-pilot said that there should probably be an interim document between a standards kind of called an operational guide. I don't. Yeah, again, I'm not trying to. I'm not trying to create neuropathy vacuums. Here's an example. What? Let's scroll down here. Relationship with other documents operation guide. What operation is responsible for?


Run books. Detailed execution instructions for specific operational activity, right? So, I don't know, um?


Speaker 5   57:49
The thing is Danny, uh. Like the example, I gave Amanda whoever created our branching guide for how we do stuff, and it gives you. You're going to do this. You're gonna do this. You're going to do this. You're gonna do this, and I have a question of why, like, the development range why, as it said, you have to have this, and I couldn't really get an answer from anybody.


So, what I've tried to do is when we write run books, it says to, you know, we're postgres database XYZ. And now, if you have a question, like, why? So I, why did you do it that way? Hopefully that's answered in the standards document. Um, but beyond that.


Speaker 2   58:21
Yeah, I don't think anybody's


Speaker 5   58:21
Ever gonna read the standards document. The runbook tells you how to do things the standards should tell you why would you live that way and then csgt? Yeah, you must do these things. That's I tried to keep it that flat. Yeah, that's fine. That's what I was hoping to accomplish.


And I honestly don't know that people are going to read the standards of documents, right, often, until they hit that. Why, why did you do it this way?


Speaker 2   58:45
Well, I mean, the answer is, because


Speaker 6   58:47
Because is that all of just one standard that says,


Speaker 7   58:51
Because that's not only because a lot of things are just. We make a decision that that's what we're going to do.


Speaker 2   58:59
There's not some magic, perfect reason out there in the world in the universe. Just, we even read as an organization that's going to be right because there's five different Alternatives, but we determine that this is the way it's going to be and something in my. Why is that it might be?


A dissertation on why it is, but then you start explaining to people why that isn't getting into that dissertation, right, their eyes roll back in their head, right, right? But, um. It's also just just, you know, because we chose. That's the thing that we chose to do. It's not, there's.


There's not actually best. There's a selection of many things, so you know you talk about Amanda. Decisions to make about.


Got best practices from the world and develop that and? Some people just don't, they might meet they. They just need to forget about asking, why? Because you know what they're told to do,


Speaker 4   1:00:02
Right. The reason, so don't ask me, ask God why, so that


Speaker 2   1:00:07
It


Speaker 4   1:00:07
Was based on written at the time of this is what guy were doing and God. We're forced us to have that Grant, and it's part of. It up!


Up


Speaker 2   1:00:46
And and make a decision.


Speaker 7   1:00:48
Like, when I hear we got three different systems


Speaker 5   1:00:50
For doing backups, and there's no more contacts, my brain can't stop, and I'm like, why do we have appsync in that bar, and then somebody can explain this one to snapshots? This one does full-blown backups. It's a good concept to have multiple layers in case one fails. And then my brain's, like, okay, I can shut up, and if I'm a decision maker, then I know we should probably have multiple layers of backups.


It just helps. All right. I'm going to keep you all over. I do it, too. Danny, nobody ever complains. It's kind of surprising. So, I charges this by the minute, so he doesn't mind.


Speaker 2   1:01:28
Uh, but maybe next time. What I did is I did. I did share out my my co-pilot agent that I use that is attached to a standard stimulation. And I don't know how much I'll use co-pilot tail all through these things quite, but if you might. Oh, I was getting bad is a standard for standards is that it will help.


The SharePoint}.